Mock the timeout limit from onpaymentauthorized (#11)
justeat/applepayjs-polyfill: README.md

delete ApplePaySession.openPaymentSetup;
```

### Apple Pay Payment Timeout

> [Apple Pay documentantion](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apple_pay_on_the_web/applepaysession/1778020-onpaymentauthorized) says: the `onpaymentauthorized` function must complete the payment and respond by calling `completePayment` before the 30 second timeout, after which a message appears stating that the payment could not be completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Apple Pay documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apple_pay_on_the_web/applepaysession/1778020-onpaymentauthorized) states:

> The `onpaymentauthorized` function must complete the payment and respond by calling `completePayment` before the 30 second timeout, after which a message appears stating that the payment could not be completed.
```

You can change this timeout with `setAuthorizationTimeout(milliseconds)`.

```js
ApplePaySessionPolyfill.setAuthorizationTimeout(1000);
```

> By default this value is set to 30000 milliseconds (30 seconds) on polyfill like in the Apple Pay session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default this value is set to 30000 milliseconds (30 seconds) in the polyfill like in a real Apple Pay session.
```
